feat: update spot spec with palazzo and colosseo features (#2219)
vegaprotocol/specs: protocol/0041-TSTK-target_stake.md

### Acceptance criteria

- For a spot market, given a `scaling_factor=1` and zero asset decimals. The target stake should be set to the maximum total supplied stake over the previous `time_window`. (<a name="0041-TSTK-XXX" href="#0041-TSTK-XXX">0041-TSTK-XXX</a>)
- For a spot market, given a `scaling_factor=1` and non-zero asset decimals. The target stake should be set to the maximum total supplied stake over the previous `time_window`. (<a name="0041-TSTK-XXX" href="#0041-TSTK-XXX">0041-TSTK-XXX</a>)
- For a spot market, given a `scaling_factor<1` The target stake should be set to the product of the `scaling_factor` and the maximum total supplied stake over the previous `time_window`. (<a name="0041-TSTK-XXX" href="#0041-TSTK-XXX">0041-TSTK-XXX</a>)
- For a spot market, given a LP increases their commitment, the target stake should increase to reflect that change. (<a name="0041-TSTK-XXX" href="#0041-TSTK-XXX">0041-TSTK-XXX</a>)

> - For a spot market, given a LP decreases their commitment, the target stake will not decrease to reflect that change un till end of the epoch when the reduction is processed and the rolling time window no longer includes the total stake prior to the commitment change.(<a name="0041-TSTK-XXX" href="#0041-TSTK-XXX">0041-TSTK-XXX</a>)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For a spot market, given a LP decreases their commitment, the target stake will not decrease to reflect that change until end of the epoch when the reduction is processed and the rolling time window no longer includes the total stake prior to the commitment change.(<a name="0041-TSTK-XXX" href="#0041-TSTK-XXX">0041-TSTK-XXX</a>)
```
